Bonjour,
At first in French, after my configuration in English below.
Après avoir lu l’aide de Fontmatrix, il est indiqué dans la rubrique :
Reporting bugs and requesting features
You can submit bugs reports to our bugtracker (no need to register). Don’t worry about the "Undertype" name, as Fontmatrix originally belonged to this bigger project.

Or le lien 
https://gna.org/bugs/?func=additem&group=undertype
vers le bugtracker ne fonctionne pas.

Je me trouve dans une situation embarrassante.
J’ai installé Fontmatrix et sous Debian 11, il a répertorié presque toutes les polices dans le tag "system fonts".
J’ai créé mes premiers groupes (tag) et ne voulant que quelques groupes actifs, j’ai tout désactivé avec la perspective d’activer les polices que j’utilise.
La désactivation a bien fonctionné, mais l’activation de mes groupes de polices ne fonctionne pas.

J’ai essayer de réactiver la totalité et, là aussi, rien ne s’active.
Ce qui fait que sous Libre Office Writer, je n’ai que des polices « .ttc ».

Ces polices n’apparaissant pas dans les polices systèmes, elles n’ont donc pas été affectées par Fontmatrix.

Vous trouverez ci après ma configuration.

En espérant que vous me répondrez au moins pour m’orienter vers un lieu de discussion si possible en français.
Cassis


= - = - = - =
Ma configuration :
Distribution Debian 11 Bulseye
Version de KDE Plasma : 5.20.5
Version de KDE Framework : 5.78.0
Version de QT : 8.15.2
Version du noyau : 5.10.0-10-amd64

Processeur : 4xintel core I5-6400 CPU 2,70 GHz
Mémoire physique : 7,7 Gio de mémoire vive
Mémoire d’échange : 15,26 Gio
Processeur graphique : mesa Intel HD Graphics 530

HD 1 : ST1000DM003-1ER162
BUS : SATA

HD 2 : ST1000DM003-1SB102
BUS : SATA
= - = - = - =

Hello,
After reading the Fontmatrix help, it is indicated in the :
Reporting bugs and requesting features
You can submit bugs reports to our bugtracker (no need to register). Don’t worry about the "Undertype" name, as Fontmatrix originally belonged to this bigger project.

Now the link 
https://gna.org/bugs/?func=additem&group=undertype
to the bugtracker does not work.

I am in an embarrassing situation.
I installed Fontmatrix and under Debian 11, it listed almost all fonts in the "system fonts" tag.
I created my first groups (tag) and wanting only a few active groups, I disabled everything with the prospect of enabling the fonts I use.
Deactivation worked fine, but activating my font groups doesn't work.

I tried to reactivate all of them and, again, nothing activates.
This means that in Libre Office Writer, I only have ".ttc" fonts.

These fonts do not appear in the system fonts, so they have not been affected by Fontmatrix.

You will find hereafter my configuration.

Hoping that you will answer me at least to direct me towards a place of discussion if possible in French.
Cassis
